Feature/project configs (#47)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/project-configs/log-path.md

---
datatype: directorypath
default_value: logs
---
# Definition

> Optionally specify a custom directory where logs are located.

Author: Can probably write something a little nicer here, along the lines of:
> When dbt runs, it generates logs. These logs are written to whichever directory you specify. 

(but better grammar)

* Default: `log-path: logs`

## Examples

> ### Use a subdirectory named `dbt_logs` instead of `logs`

Author: ```suggestion
### Write logs to a subdirectory `dbt_logs` instead of `logs`
```
